V0.0.12 docs update (#292)
objectiv/objectiv.io: docs/docs/tracking/angular/how-to-guides/portals.md

---
sidebar_position: 3
---

# Portals and options.parent 

> If the LocationStack is missing some elements, although they have been correctly tagged, the most likely cause is the use of [Portal-like](https://material.angular.io/cdk/portal/overview) methods to render their contents. Eg: they render part of their templates in an arbitrary location of the DOM.

Author: Shall I change this everywhere, I normally use `eg:`. It's in several places

> If the LocationStack is missing some elements, although they have been correctly tagged, the most likely cause is the use of [Portal-like](https://material.angular.io/cdk/portal/overview) methods to render their contents. Eg: they render part of their templates in an arbitrary location of the DOM.

Author: It's not that many actually, but I think it's nice to have them all the same: `, e.g.` looks also nicer while reading

> If the LocationStack is missing some elements, although they have been correctly tagged, the most likely cause is the use of [Portal-like](https://material.angular.io/cdk/portal/overview) methods to render their contents. Eg: they render part of their templates in an arbitrary location of the DOM.

Reviewer: I think that the correct way to use it, is `, e.g.` instead of `Eg`. But probably everyone will understand what you mean when you use `Eg`, so think it's fine to update as we go.

        (click)="selectResult(searchResult, $event)"
        class="search-result"
      >
        {{ searchResult.text }}
      </div>
    </search-result>
  </search-results>
</div>
```

### DOM without portals
If `search-results` did not use portals, this would be the final DOM after running a search:
```html
<html>                                Location Tree
  <body>                              RootLocationContext: home
    <div class="search">              └─ ContentContext: search
      Search: <input type="text"/>       ├─ InputContext: search-input
      <div class="search-results">       └─ OverlayContext: search-results
        <div class="search-result">         ├─ PressableContext: search-result-1
          search result 1                   │
        </div>                              │
        <div class="search-result">         ├─ PressableContext: search-result-2
          search result 2                   │
        </div>                              │ 
        <div class="search-result">         └─ PressableContext: search-result-3
          search result 3
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
```

> Everything works fine: the Tracker can easily navigate from a result upwards and collect the correct Location.
> 
> Eg: `search-results` is a child of `search` and a sibling of `search-input`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Everything works fine: the Tracker can easily navigate from a result upwards and collect the correct Location, e.g. `search-results` is a child of `search` and a sibling of `search-input`.
```
